== Fri  8 Jan 2010 00:00:08 UTC Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Version bump to 1.5.2

== Fri  8 Jan 8:55:49 2010 +1100 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Updated Sendmail and SMTP delivery methods to use return-path if present
* Fix up a lot of content-type parsing problems
* Updating compat listing
* Moving error emails into one directory
* Moving error emails into one directory
* Initializing @tls variable to remove warnings
* Moved default corpus directory
* Fixed up git ignore file

== Thu  6 Jan 2010 23:59:29 UTC Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Added compatibility list to Readme.rdoc
* Fixing encoding of return path to be per RFC 2822, adding angle brackets around the addr_spec
* Specs covering return path setting and preserving

== Thu  5 Jan 2010 23:59:48 UTC Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Moving the require for tlsmail for Ruby 1.8.6 into mail.rb

== Sun Jan  3 00:08:06 UTC 2010 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Version bump to 1.5.0

* Major API change in Message#field_name.  This WILL break your applications that use Mail.  Message#field_name now returns good, intelligent, default values.  You can still access the field object by calling Message#[:field_name] or Message#['field_name'].

== Sat Jan  2 04:12:53 UTC 2010 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Message-ID, Content-ID, References et al, now return the default value of the message ID without the angle brackets, as per RFC 2822, "Semantically, the angle bracket characters are not part of the msg-id; the msg-id is what is contained between the two angle bracket characters."

* Message class now has getter and setter methods for all the supported field types explicitly.  This allows us to return a "default" value for all fields.

* All address fields, when called from Message#to or Message#from or the like, return either a string of the address spec (mikel@test.lindsaar.net) if it is a single entry, or an array of address specs if there is more than one ['mikel@test.lindsaar.net', 'ada@test.lindsaar.net']

== Mon 28 Dec 2009 01:21:52 UTC Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Added sorting of parts, default is text/plain, then text/enriched and text/html.  Access through  Body#set_sort_order and Body#sort_parts! (called from Body#encode automatically)
* Version bump to 1.4.2

== Sun Dec 27 10:38:24 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Updating treetop and mail to initialize uninitialized instance variables to
  nil
* Version bump to 1.4.1

== Sun Dec 27 09:51:27 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Version bump to 1.4 because now :to_s calls :decoded for all fields and body 
  while :to_s calls :encoded for Message and Header containers.  Makes sense... 
  really.

== Sun Dec 27 07:30:02 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Changed fields to default to :decoded on :to_s, all container objects
  retain :encoded as the default for :to_s

== Thu Dec 17 06:35:05 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Fixed parsing error 'Subject: =?ISO-8859-1?Q?Re=3A_ol=E1?=' (has a new line embedded)

== Thu Dec 17 02:14:23 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Version 1.3.4
* Vendor'd treetop

== Thu Dec 17 01:32:00 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Version 1.3.3
* Removed dependency on treetop, don't need it at runtime

== Wed Dec 16 23:48:46 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Version 1.3.2
* Resolved Ruby 1.9.1-head not working because File.basename only accepts US-ASCII or 8Bit

== Sun Dec 13 01:06:17 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Version 1.3.1
* Resolved Issue #18 - Wrong instance variable name
* Resolved Issue #15 - Duplicate block call

== Thu Dec 10 21:25:37 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Resolved Issue #13 - replacing From field results in from field becoming optional field.

== Thu  3 Dec 2009 00:52:12 UTC Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Added POP upgrades from Nicolas Fouché
* Added patch to handle multiple from lines in email from Luke Grimstrup

== Mon Nov 23 23:34:22 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Resolved Issue #12 - Wrong comment in smtp.rb

== Mon Nov 23 22:35:50 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Changed the way attachments are added so that it does not break depending on the order of the Hash passed in.
* Version bump to 1.3.0 - Now works with Edge ActionMailer, MRI 1.8.6, 1.8.7, 1.9.1, all tests passing

== Sun Nov 22 12:19:44 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Added check on add_part to make sure if there is already a body, and if so, make a text_part of the body
* Fixing up attachment adding and making sure multipart emails always have boundaries
* Change Message#attachments to now recursively return all attachments in the email in an ordered flattened array
* Added ability for Mail::Message to accept {:headers => {'custom-header' => 'value', 'another-custom-header' => 'value'}} as a param on init
* Adding ability to Mail::Message to add a part via :part(params) with optional block
* Fixed up QP encoding forcing underscores into everything with a space
* Added ReturnPathField#address
* Updating gem loads and active support loads

== Sat Nov 21 12:52:46 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Changed Mail::Encodings to clean it up, added in unquote_and_convert_to as well as refactor in this area

== Thu Nov 19 04:16:10 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Added sendmail support from (Simon Rozet)
* Changed to bundler for gem dependancies and moved gem generation into rakefile (Simon Rozet)
* Bumped to 1.2.6 for sendmail support

== Wed Nov 18 04:26:21 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Changed Encodings.param_encode(string) so it intelligently encodes and quotes needed
  items and leaves plain, no special char, US-ASCII alone unquoted.

== Sat Nov 14 08:20:21 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Resolved Issue #10 - empty/nil cc/bcc field causes exception (Mail::Field::ParseError)

== Fri Nov 13 00:31:04 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Hacked and mutilated the network section, made it easier to extend out with other
  delivery and retriever methods.  API changed SLIGHTLY with this.  Please check the
  readme
* Resolved Issue #8 - Mail::SMTP now delivers to all mail.destinations
* Version bump to 1.2.5

== Thu Nov 12 02:58:01 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Resolved Issue #5 - Message ID not handling multiple periods in left hand side
* Resolved Issue #6 - Ordering of add_file and body items causes invalid emails

== Tue Nov 10 08:15:14 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Resolved Issue #5 - Message ID generation issue
* Resolved Issue #7 - README add_file examples don't seem to work - Updated readme and
  rdoc in Message#add_file

== Mon Nov  9 23:38:33 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Added ability to create new email via a hash or hash-like object. <mikel>
* Moved all of the Part init into the Message class.  Part now just uses Message's init,
  also moved all the attachment related functions into Message.  As Part is a subclass
  of message, you shouldn't see any interface changes here.

== Fri Nov  6 22:52:10 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* a6ef2b4: Fixed Issue #4 - Can't call encoding on non existant 
  content-transer-encoding header

== Fri Nov  6 00:51:55 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Handled unstructured field folding "blank" lines
* Fixed error in header.rb that created fields into an array, instead of a FieldList, resulting
  in mail.encode returning a random sort order on the header.
* Made unstructured fields attempt to decode their values on :decode

== Thu Nov  5 04:45:31 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* 2acb70a: Closes Issue #1 - Handling badly formatted content-type fields <mikel>

== Wed Nov  4 23:24:32 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* 2b5d608: Closes Issue #2 - Empty header field values not parsing <mikel>
* Version bumb to 1.2.1

== Wed Nov  4 12:54:43 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Renamed Mail::Message.encode! to Mail::Message.ready_to_send!, deprecated :encode! <mikel>
* Rewrote encoding and decoding methods on all classes.  Adds a lot of boiler plate code, but allows us to
  be really precise in each field type that needs custom encoding.  Now all encoding is done by the field_type
  itself.  Need to follow through on the body. <mikel>
* Bump version to 1.2.0 due to changes of :encoded, :decoded behaviour <mikel>

== Tue Nov  3 00:59:45 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Tested mail against entire Enron set (2.3gb) and the Trec 2005 set (0.5gb), ~ half a million emails without crashing <jlindley>
* Some headers only can appear once, enforce during header parse assignment. <jlindley>
* Convert empty bodies into empty arrays instead of nil. <jlindley>
* Handle blank content dispositions. <jlindley>
* Mention Trec 2005 Spam Corpus in readme <jlindley>
* Add 'rake corpus:verify_all' to allow parse checks in bulk. <jlindley>
* Added handling of multi value parameters, like filename*1*="us-ascii'en'blah" filename*2="bleh" <mikel>
* Added dependency on ActiveSupport 2.3 or higher <mikel>

== Sun Nov  1 12:00:00 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* handle OpenSSL::SSL::VERIFY_NONE returning 0 <jlindley>
* doing Mail.new { content_type [text, plain, { charset => UTF-8 }] } is now 
  possible (content type accepts an array) <mikel>

== Sat Oct 31 11:00:41 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Fixed attachment handling, so mail can find attachment from a content-type,
content-disposition or content-location
* Added content-location field and parser
* Added message.has_attachments? for ActionMailer friendliness
* Added attachment.original_filename for ActionMailer friendliness

== Sat Oct 25 13:38:01 UTC 2009 Mikel Lindsaar <raasdnil@gmail.com>

* Birthday, Mail released as a gem... phew